Microsoft Internship Response + Apple Phone Interview Get!
Published on February 09, 2008.
I heard back from the Microsoft person.
Apparently they think I have “great potential,” yet they don’t want to continue with the interview process.
Which is just the kind of corporate doublespeak I’d expect from a place like Microsoft.
I think it’s unfair to judge a company as large as Microsoft by pigeonholing it into a “good” or “bad” category.
But let’s just say things are not looking good for the company.
First they seem to be losing the Yahoo takeover, then they reject me.
Don’t worry, there’s some sarcasm in there! A little.
In other news, I just got an email from Apple for an internship in their iPhone software group.
Cool! I think that would be the best fit as any with me + Apple since I’m not too into the low level details of OS coding.
But doing iPhone software would be really cool!
The listing on the website didn’t mention any kind of internship in iPhone, so I’m glad I took a chance and talked to the Apple booth when I went to the engineering career fair last week.
I still haven’t heard back from Zazzle but it’s still early in the internship game.
Actually, I haven’t heard back from many companies.
I’m not really sweating it or anything though.
I’ll find something to do during the Summer, even if it’s not with a company.